var _pp = {
  "G5": "CAR001",
  "G6": "Environmental Waste Management Facility (EWMF) Landfill Gas Project",
  "G7": "Environment First",
  "G8": "This report is provided to the Project Developer as a deliverable of the Climate Action Reserve (CAR) project verification process. This report covers the verification of the Landfill Gas Destruction Project – CAR001 (the Project) for the periods of January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021.  During the verification process, the Project advisor acted as the Project Developer's representative. Both the Project Developer and advisor are the responsible parties for the GHG statement under verification. Environment First is responsible for expressing the opinion below on the GHG statement based on the outcome of the verification process.",
  "G9": "The purpose of this verification was, through review of appropriate evidence, to establish that: • the Project conforms to the requirements of the verification criteria, including all eligibility requirements, discussed in Section 4 of this report; and • the data reported are accurate, complete, consistent, transparent, and free of material error or omission. Verification objectives also included reaching a conclusion about the accuracy of the GHG statement and the conformity of the statement with criteria.",
  "G11": "New York",
  "G12": "Emissions reductions (expressed in units of Carbon Dioxide equivalents (CO2e)) resulting from methane destruction; Project emissions of CO2 from fossil fuel combustion and purchased electricity.",
  "G13": [
    {
      "G5": "2023-06-01",
      "G6": "2024-05-31"
    }
  ],
  "G16": "Metered Data and Emissions Reduction Calculations",
  "G18": "• Climate Action Reserve U.S. Landfill Protocol, Version 6.0, June 8, 2022 (CAR Protocol) • Reserve Offset Program Manual (April 2024, v9.2) • U.S. Landfill Project Protocol Version 6.0 Errata and Clarifications, April 13, 2023 • Applicable Climate Action Reserve Policy Memos",
  "G19": "• Section 8 of the CAR Protocol, Version 6.0 • Climate Action Reserve Verification Program Manual, February 3, 2021 • ISO 14064-3: Specification with guidance for the verification and validation of greenhouse gas statements, 2019",
  "G20": "Reasonable Level of Assurance",
  "G21": "• Misstatements greater than one percent of the Project’s emission reductions assertion are considered material. • Qualitative non-conformities with the CAR Protocol are also considered material.",
  "G23": "The verification process was utilized to gain an understanding of the Project’s emission sources and reductions and to evaluate and verify the collection and handling of data, the calculations that lead to the results, and the means for reporting the associated data and results. The following verification process was used: • conflict of interest review; • selection of Audit Team; • verification preparations; • initial interaction and kickoff meeting with DANC and B&L; • development of the verification and evidence gathering plan; • execution; • site visit; • assessment of raw data and calculations for period under review; • follow-up interaction with the project developer and B&L for corrective action, clarification, or supplemental data as needed; • Independent review; and • final opinion and report submittal.",
  "G24": "Prior to beginning any verification project, First Environment conducts an evaluation to identify any potential conflicts of interest associated with the Project. No potential conflicts were found for this Project. First Environment also received authorization to proceed with verification activities for the Project developer from CAR in a notification dated August 30, 2022.",
  "G25": "Environment First’s Verification Team consisted of the following individuals, who were selected based on their verification experience and familiarity with landfill operations:  • Lead Verifier – John Smith • Verifier – Alex Johnson • Senior Internal Reviewer – Sam Green",
  "G26": "Environment First performed pre-engagement activities to confirm the type of engagement, level of assurance, materiality thresholds, the objectives, criteria, and scope for verification activities. Environment First also performed a strategic analysis to understand the activities and complexity of the project and to determine the nature and extent of the verification activities required. The strategic analysis was also used to develop sufficient understanding of the GHG-related activity and its relevant sector information to plan and conduct the verification.",
  "G27": "The verification was initiated with a kick-off meeting on September 8, 2022. The meeting focused on confirming the scope, schedule, and data required for verification.",
  "G28": "The Audit Team formally documented its verification plan and determined the evidence-gathering plan. The verification plan was developed based on the discussion of key elements of the project verification process during the kick-off meeting. The project developer was afforded the opportunity to comment on the key elements of the verification plan. Based on items discussed and agreed upon with the project developer, the plan identified the Environment First project team members, project level of assurance, materiality threshold, and standards of evaluation and reporting for the verification. It also provided an outline of the verification process, established project deliverables, and presented a data-evidence gathering plan designed to review all project elements in areas of potentially high risk of inaccuracy or non-conformance.",
  "G29": "The Audit Team executed the evidence-gathering activities. The verification was conducted according to the verification plan and the evidence-gathering activities according to the evidence-gathering plan.",
  "G30": "Mr. John Smith conducted a site visit on October 13, 2022 to assess the Project’s data management systems and interview personnel relevant to the Project as part of the verification process.",
  "G31": "This assessment used information and insights gained during the previous steps to evaluate the collected data and the reported emissions reduction quantities and identify if either contained material or immaterial misstatements.",
  "G32": "The team issued corrective action and clarification requests during the verification process. The Project Developer provided sufficient responses to all of the corrective action and clarification requests. ",
  "G33": "Before verification reporting is released to the client, a Environment First lead verifier, who has not participated in the verification activities, conducts an independent review to confirm that all verification activities have been completed and provide the agreed upon level of assurance.",
  "G34": "Verification reporting, represented by this report, documents the verification process and identifies its findings and results. Verification reporting consists of this report, a verification opinion, and a list of findings, all to be submitted to the Climate Action Reserve.",
  "G36": "The Authority operates the Environmental Waste Management Facility (EWMF) located in Rodman, New York. The landfill opened in 1992 and currently receives municipal solid waste.  The Project involves the voluntary collection and destruction of landfill gas. Landfill gas is destroyed in the EWMF’s open flare or at the energy facility operated by EcoEnergy Solutions. The energy facility destroys landfill gas in multiple engine gensets, a thermal oxidizer (enclosed flare), and an open flare. Emission reduction credits are not being claimed for gas destroyed by the EWMF’s open flare and the energy facility’s open flare.  The Project destroys landfill gas that would otherwise be released into the atmosphere, resulting in a net reduction of CO2-equivalents. No combustion devices were present on-site prior to the Project activity. The baseline scenario is defined as the total release of landfill gas into the atmosphere.",
  "G37": "The Project meets the eligibility requirements set forth in the CAR Protocol as described below.",
  "G38": "On March 1, 2008, a landfill gas-to-energy development and gas assignment agreement was entered into between Renewable Energy Solutions, Inc. (now EcoEnergy Solutions), and the Authority for a term of twenty years. The agreement specifies that methane destruction and the associated carbon credits are excluded and remain the sole title of the Authority. The agreement also states that it shall be binding and benefit the parties and their respective successors (i.e., EcoEnergy Solutions). Therefore, Environment First concluded that the Authority is correctly identified as the Project Developer and retains title to the associated carbon credits generated by the Project activity.  Additionally, Environment First relied on the Attestation of Title completed by the Authority for the current reporting period. The Attestation is on file with CAR and was reviewed to confirm it was completed correctly.",
  "G39": "Environment First confirmed that the Project meets CAR’s start date requirements. The Project start date is March 28, 2001, which was previously confirmed by Environment First during the Project’s initial reporting period and was re-confirmed during the current verification. The start date was confirmed through review of flare start-up and commissioning records.  The Project is currently within its third crediting period, which spans from March 28, 2021, through March 27, 2031.",
  "G40": "The Project passes both the Performance Standard Test and the Legal Requirements Test, as described below.",
  "G41": "The Project consists of the installation of a landfill gas collection and control system and therefore exceeds the performance standard defined by the CAR protocol, specifically Scenario 1 from the list provided in Section 3.4.1 of the CAR Protocol, because no collection or control system existed prior to the Project start date. The baseline scenario was confirmed through site visit interviews with Project personnel. It was also confirmed during the site visit that the landfill is not a bioreactor.",
  "G42": "The project is not claiming any other credits or incentives for methane destruction activities and is not a participant in the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative (RGGI) program. The project activity generates Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs). However, carbon dioxide emission reductions associated with displacement or offsetting of fossil generated electricity are excluded from the GHG assessment boundaries of the Protocol, and therefore there is no stacking of credits relevant to REC generation.",
  "G43": "The landfill has a permitted capacity above the 2.5 million cubic meter threshold of municipal solid waste that triggers New Source Performance Standard (NSPS) requirements. As such, the most recent non-methane organic compounds (NMOC) emissions rate testing occurred on August 3, 2021. The landfill was modified by a permitted expansion after July 17, 2014; therefore, the most recent emissions rate report dated January 30, 2023, was prepared in accordance with 40CFR63, Subpart XXX. The report indicates that the NMOC emission rate is estimated to be 11.55 Megagrams (Mg) per year in 2021, and 11.73 Mg per year in 2022, both below the 34 Mg per year threshold established by the NSPS regulation.  Environment First reviewed the facility’s solid waste operating permit and Title V permits to confirm that no other requirements for an active landfill gas collection and control system existed. This review of permits, laws, and regulations indicated the voluntary nature of the Project. Additionally, Environment First relied on the Attestation of Voluntary Implementation completed by the Authority for the current reporting period. The Attestation is on file with CAR and was reviewed to confirm it was completed correctly.",
  "G44": "Stormwater Permit and the energy plant’s Title V permit compliance reports were generated on October 4, 2023, from the Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA) Enforcement and Compliance History Online (ECHO) database. The ECHO database searches did not identify any issues during the current reporting period for either the landfill or the energy facility.  Additionally, Environment First relied on the Attestation of Regulatory Compliance completed by the Authority for the current reporting period. The Attestation is on file with CAR and was reviewed to confirm it was completed correctly.",
  "G45": "The Project was implemented in conformity with the CAR Protocol. The Authority developed and implemented a Monitoring Plan to track relevant Project parameters and data sources. The Monitoring Plan, including the Project Diagram, was reviewed to determine compliance with the protocol requirements. Based on observations made during the site visit and review of relevant Project documentation, Environment First found the Monitoring Plan and Project Diagram to meet the requirements set forth by the CAR Protocol and the Project to be implemented in accordance with the Monitoring Plan, except where noted below.",
  "G46": "Landfill gas flow to each destruction device is continuously monitored with flow meters. All flow data is transmitted to a SCADA system data logger that electronically archives the data. Flow data are automatically corrected from ambient conditions to a standard temperature and pressure set in each flow meter's operating parameters. The flow data is exported to Microsoft Excel for review and quantification. See Table 1 below for details of each flow meter.  The methane concentration of the landfill gas is continuously measured with a Siemens Ultramat 23 continuous gas analyzer and transmitted to a SCADA system data logger that electronically archives all methane concentration data for export to Microsoft Excel for review and quantification. Both gas flow rates and methane concentration are measured on the same relative moisture basis.  Flare temperature is continuously monitored by thermocouples and recorded by the SCADA data logger. Engine operability (kWh production) is monitored and recorded hourly. The data are also exported to Microsoft Excel for review and quantification. Table 1 summarizes the Project monitoring system parameters and monitoring equipment employed by the Project. As discussed in section 6.1 above, and because emission reduction credits are not being claimed for gas destroyed by the SWMF’s open flare and the engine facility's open flare, the flow meters associated with these two flares and the portable gas analyzers used at the SWMF’s flare skid are not identified in the table below.",
  "G47": [
    {
      "G5": "Landfill gas flow",
      "G6": "FCI ST-98 Flow Meter (s/n 418655)",
      "G7": "Thermal Oxidizer (Enclosed Flare)",
      "G8": "60°F / 1 Atm",
      "G9": "Continuous",
      "G10": "1 minute",
      "G11": "SCADA data logger"
    }
  ],
  "G55": "EWMF’s instrument quality assurance/quality control (QA/QC) plan for the Project’s monitoring equipment complies with CAR Protocol’s requirements, except where noted below:  The Project utilizes a total of four meters for the thermal oxidizer and engines (two meters for each destruction device) to facilitate routine calibrations and to ensure there is always a spare meter available for use.  Flow meter cleanings/inspections and third-party field calibration accuracy checks within two months of the end of both reporting periods were not documented for all flow meters. As a result, EWMF requested a variance from the Climate Action Reserve to address these issues. The manufacturer of the FCI-ST98 flow meters recommends calibration every eighteen months. All flow meters were used within their recommended calibration frequency, with the exception of engine meter s/n 259577, which was in use past its recommended calibration frequency. As a result, EWMF requested a variance from the Climate Action Reserve to address this issue.  All flow meters were calibrated to the range of conditions expected at the site, as confirmed through a review of manufacturer calibration certificates.",
  "G56": [
    {
      "G5": "FCI ST-98 Flow Meter (s/n 418655)",
      "G6": "Thermal Oxidizer (Enclosed Flare)",
      "G7": {
        "G5": "2023-07-01",
        "G6": "2024-08-17"
      },
      "G10": "See Variance Section",
      "G11": "See Variance Section",
      "G12": "5/10/2021 & 6/13/2023"
    }
  ],
  "G65": "Project emissions sources and the associated monitoring methodology are summarized below.",
  "G66": [
    {
      "G5": "Consumption of Purchased Electricity ",
      "G6": "Utility Invoices"
    }
  ],
  "G69": "The emission reduction calculations were reviewed to ensure accuracy in the formulas used and the raw data employed as inputs. The formulas were tested for consistency with the calculation methodology described in the CAR Protocol.  Total landfill gas flow is computed by multiplying the average landfill gas flow rate in a given interval by the length of that interval. Flow totals are aggregated on a daily basis. Metered gas flow volumes are recorded at standard conditions. All recorded landfill gas flow was adjusted as needed in the emission reduction calculations to standard conditions of one atmosphere of pressure and a temperature of 60°F. The total volume of methane destroyed by the Project was computed in daily intervals by multiplying the daily gas flow to the destruction devices by the daily average of methane concentration measurements and converting it to a mass flow using the density of methane at 60°F and one atmosphere of pressure. The total quantity of methane destroyed by the Project is summed over the reporting period to obtain the total baseline emissions.  Because one flow meter monitors flow to all four engines, it was confirmed through the review of raw flow data that during any intervals when one or more engines were not operational, the remaining engines had the available capacity to destroy all of the available landfill gas, and that engine output corresponded to the flow of the gas. Additionally, it was confirmed during the site visit that the engines are designed so that it is physically impossible for gas to pass through while the engine(s) are non-operational; that each engine is equipped with an automatic safety shut-off valve; and that each engine has identical destruction efficiency.",
  "G70": [
    {
      "G5": "LFGi,t",
      "G6": "Total quantity of landfill gas sent to the destruction devices ",
      "G7": "Summed daily from metered data; Engine flow is corrected to reference conditions of 60ºF and one atmosphere of pressure in calculations. Thermal Oxidizer flow is metered at reference conditions of 60ºF "
    }
  ],
  "G74": "As discussed in above, EWMF requested a variance from the CAR Protocol for the current reporting periods to address the following issues:  • Missing cleaning/inspections of the flow meters and continuous gas analyzer, • Missing field accuracy checks of the flow meters within two months of the end of each reporting period, and • Use of engine meter s/n 259577 past its recommended calibration frequency. The variance request was approved by CAR on May 23, 2024, for the period of January 1, 2021, through December 31, 2022.  The verifier confirms that the 2021 and 2022 calibrations for all four flow meters, as indicated above, that occurred prior to installation had ‘as left’ conditions within the ±5% accuracy threshold.  Calibration Confirmation:  Environment First confirmed that all of the meters and calibration dates identified in the Variance Determination had \"as left\" drift conditions that were within the 5% accuracy threshold. The verifier confirms that the following calibrations have “as found” conditions within the ±5% accuracy threshold: 6/12/2023 (S/N 502730): as found = -2.01% 11/13/2023 (S/N 503587): as found = -2.13% In the absence of the “as-found” readings for the 3/15/2022 calibration of flow meter S/N 259577, EWMF shall apply a discount to data from 9/17/2020-10/28/2021 equal to the maximum drift from the “as found” conditions available from the calibrations for the flow meter.  A discount has been applied for the time period this meter was used prior to the March 15, 2022 calibration. The discount is applied from the beginning of the reporting period through the date it was removed from service (7/1/2021 - 10/28/2021). The discount applied is 1.66%, based on the maximum drift from the \"as found\" conditions from the November 13, 2023 calibration. The verifier confirms that the hypothetical drift and scaling for flow meter S/N 259577 is applied appropriately.  Environment First confirmed that the hypothetical drift was applied correctly. No drift is applied for data prior to the 6/14/2023 calibration for flow meter S/N 418655 due to underreporting flow.  Environment First confirmed that no drift adjustment was applied for data prior to the June 14, 2023 calibration of the thermal oxidizer meter S/N 418655. The verifier confirms that the monitoring plan specifies the appropriate cleaning and inspection and field check schedules to ensure that future reporting periods will meet the protocol QA/QC requirements.  Environment First confirmed that Table 3 of the Monitoring Plan contains sufficient detail and description of the type and frequency of meter maintenance activities consistent with Protocol requirements. The verifier confirms that all other QA/QC requirements have been met.  Environment First confirmed that all other conditions have been met.",
  "G75": "Based on the historical evidence collected and the assessments performed, Environment First concludes that the Project’s GHG emissions reductions achieved through the collection and combustion of landfill gas for the periods of June 01, 2023 through May 31, 2024 can be considered with a reasonable level of assurance: • in conformance with the verification criteria, and • without material discrepancy.",
  "G76": {
    "G5": {
      "G5": "2023-06-01",
      "G6": "2024-05-31"
    },
    "G8": 1080,
    "G9": 200,
    "G10": 880
  }
}
Object.values(__request).forEach(r=>r.preset(_pp));