var _pp = {
  "G5": "Green Controls",
  "G7": "Prairie Ridge Waste Management Facility",
  "G8": "Landfill Methane ",
  "G9": "The Project reduces methane emissions as a result of combustion, in a flare, of non-regulated landfill gas collected from the Prairie Ridge Waste Management Facility. The Project was enhanced by the addition of the Green Controls automated collection system.",
  "G10": "The facility has been used for solid waste disposal since 1973. It had approximately 4 million tons of waste in place as of April 1, 2021, disposed of over approximately 68 acres of permitted lined landfill footprint. Prior to April 1, 2021, the facility had no collection or destruction of landfill gas. Landfill gas generated from 1973 through April 1, 2021, was emitted to the atmosphere.  Description of how the project will achieve GHG reductions and/or removal enhancements: The Project achieves greenhouse gas emissions reductions through the initial installation and continued expansion of a landfill gas collection system into areas of waste disposed of in the facility, the active collection of landfill gas through the system, and the destruction of landfill gas by combustion in a flare.  Prairie Ridge Waste Management commenced operation of the initial landfill gas collection (LFGCS) and flare destruction system on April 1, 2021. Prairie Ridge Waste Management expanded and will continue to expand the LFGCS into new waste areas. As of June 2023, Green Controls added automated measurement and control to the LFGCS to increase the efficiency of collection and provide consistently high-quality gas.  The facility and the methane it generates would exist with or without the Project. Carbon dioxide and methane emissions not collected by the landfill gas collection system are considered biogenic and would occur in the absence of the Project. Although the Project was implemented to collect GHG emissions generated by the facility for subsequent reduction, removal, or destruction through the flare, the Project itself indirectly generates a small quantity of greenhouse gas emissions through the electricity used to operate the flare and blower station.",
  "G11": "The Project activity or the Project is the installation of a landfill gas collection and flare destruction system. The Project complies with the requirements of the American Carbon Registry (“ACR”) Standard, Version 8.0, dated July 2023, and the Methodology for the Quantification, Monitoring, Reporting, and Verification of Greenhouse Gas Emissions Reductions and Removals from Landfill Gas Destruction and Beneficial Use Projects, Version 2.0, dated April 2021, and its associated Errata & Clarifications, dated February 20, 2024 (the Methodology).  In accordance with the Project Eligibility Requirements of the American Carbon Registry Standard, the Project Proponent, Green Controls, Inc. (herein “Green Controls”), finds the following:  Start Date: The project start date is April 1, 2021, which is the date that the Project became operational. The start date eligibility criteria were met as the Project was validated within 6 months from the ACR Methodology Deviation Request Approval Date of September 12, 2023. This Project is not transferring to ACR from another GHG program.  Minimum Project Term: The Project type, with no risk of reversal after crediting, has no required Minimum Project Term, consistent with this Project.  Credit Period: The crediting period shall be 10 years, consistent with the application of the Methodology, from April 1, 2021, through March 31, 2031.  Real: The Project activity will yield quantifiable and verifiable GHG emissions reductions conducted in accordance with the Methodology for the Quantification, Monitoring, Reporting, and Verification of Greenhouse Gas Emissions Reductions and Removals from Landfill Gas Destruction and Beneficial Use Projects, Version 2.0, dated April 2021. Green Controls shall claim GHG emissions reductions after they have occurred. No claim for future GHG emission reductions shall be made.  Emission or Removal Origin: Green Controls shall own and have control over the GHG sources from which the emission reduction originates. The Project Proponent documents that no other entity may claim or make ownership claims to GHG emissions reductions or removals from the Project Activity.  Offset Title: Green Controls owns the title to all GHG emissions reductions attributed to the Project Activity.  Additional: The installation of the GCCS is additional based on the 3-Prong Additionality Test, and the installation of the ACS is additional based on the ACR-approved performance standard and the regulatory surplus test.  Permanent: The GHG emissions reductions from the Project Activity shall be permanent because the collected methane will be destroyed through flare or utilized by the renewable natural gas plant. No risk of reversal is possible.  Net of Leakage: No leakage is identified in the Methodology for the Quantification, Monitoring, Reporting, and Verification of Greenhouse Gas Emissions Reductions and Removals from Landfill Gas Destruction and Beneficial Use Projects",
  "G12": [
    {
      "type": "Point",
      "coordinates": [
        -95.6442,
        41.02845
      ]
    }
  ],
  "G13": "By federal law, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency governs the requirements of the Prairie Ridge Waste Management Facility in accordance with 40 CFR 62 Subpart OOO when applicable, which became effective June 21, 2021. EPA 40 CFR 62, Subpart OOO did not require the operation of a landfill gas collection and control system at Prairie Ridge Waste Management Facility until March 18, 2024. By State law, the Iowa Department of Natural Resources governs the requirements of Prairie Ridge Waste Management Facility in accordance with Iowa Administrative Rules Chapter 567-113: Sanitary Landfills for Municipal Solid Waste, which regulations do not require landfill gas collection and control systems at the Facility. Administrative reporting to the EPA and Department of Natural Resources satisfied the compliance obligations of the Facility.  The Green Controls system shares all data and insights to increase GHG capture and limit emissions beyond what would be achieved by minimum regulatory requirements. Green Controls shall comply with all applicable regulatory requirements for the Project Activity.",
  "G14": "Organization Name Green Controls, Inc. Contact person Alex Carter, Director of Environmental Attributes Address 25 Woodland Drive, Suite 4 Newton, MA 02458 Telephone (321) 555-0198 Email taylor.rivers@greencontrols.com Role and Responsibilities Owner and operator of the Project Activity. Responsible for operations of Project Activity and aggregation of all data, calibrations, and records to support methane quantities and utilization and destruction. Maintains the offset title and gas rights.  Organization Name Prairie Ridge Waste Management LLC Subsidiary of Environmental Solutions Group Contact person Jordan Blake, Regional Operations Engineer Address 59812 285th Street Malvern, IA 51551 Telephone (515) 555-0477 Email jordan.blake@envirogroup.com Role and Responsibilities Owner and operator of the Landfill and the landfill gas collection and flare destruction system and original owner of the environmental attributes that were conveyed to Green Controls. Responsible for operations and monitoring, data, and records management for the Landfill. Provides landfilled waste totals and changes to landfill cover type and gas collection areas. Also responsible for operations and monitoring, data, and records management for landfill gas collection and flare destruction system.",
  "G15": "N/A",
  "G17": "ACR approved Methodology for the Quantification Monitoring, Reporting and Verification of Greenhouse Gas Emissions Reductions and Removals from Landfill Gas Destruction and Beneficial Use Projects, Version 2.0, dated April 2021 including the Errata & Clarification to the Methodology dated February 20, 2024 (the Methodology). ",
  "G18": "The Methodology includes the following four applicability conditions: 1. the project must reduce methane emissions through one of the allowed project activities, 2. the project is in the United States, 3. the project is not located at a bioreactor landfill per the EPA’s definition1  ; and 4. the project is not required by any regulatory agency. According to the Methodology, projects that reduce methane emissions because of the combustion or beneficial use of landfill gas in any of the following activities are considered a “project activity” under the Methodology: 1. The destruction of landfill gas in an open or enclosed flare; 2. The conversion of landfill gas in a turbine, boiler or generator to energy; 3. The enhancement of landfill gas for injection into a natural gas pipeline; and 4. The enhancement of landfill gas for use in fleet vehicles, trucks and cars. 5. The installation of an automated collection system that increases landfill gas collection efficiency above that obtained with standard collection methods with methane destruction, conversion, or enhancement occurring in any of the above “project activities”. To qualify as an automated collection system that increases landfill gas collection efficiency, the system must deploy automated control and measurement devices which result in an incremental increase in the aggregate methane volume that is captured, and which is shown to be attributable to the automated collection system as determined by Equations 2-16 set forth below. An automated collection system must include equipment installed on individual collection wells as part of the gas collection system that can measure, at minimum, O2, CH4, and CO2 concentrations in the landfill gas being collected, pressure applied to the wellhead, and include an actuated valve where the valve can be operated remotely with automation. The Project Activity complies with Item #1 and Item #5 above in accordance with the Methodology as the validated project activity consists of a gas collection and control system (GCCS) to a flare, supported by an advanced GCCS. The Project Activity reduces methane emissions, is in the United States, is not located at a bioreactor landfill per EPA’s definition and is not required by any regulatory agency. Therefore, all applicability requirements of the Methodology are met. ",
  "G19": "The geographic boundary for the Project Activity is the Prairie Ridge Waste Management Facility, located at 59812 285th Street, Town of Malvern, Mills County, Iowa. The Landfill and its gas collection and flare destruction system are situated on 170 acres and are owned and operated by Prairie Ridge Waste Management LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Environmental Solutions Group. The GPS coordinates for the site are Latitude: 41.026N and Longitude: 95.632W.",
  "G20": "The Project activity involves various emissions sources and processes related to landfill gas (LFG). Waste Generation & Collection involves emissions from the generation and hauling of waste to the landfill, with CO2, CH4, and N2O excluded from the emissions calculation as these emissions should be equivalent in both the Project Activity and baseline scenarios. Waste Decomposition refers to emissions from the decomposition of waste at the landfill, where CO2 and N2O are excluded, but CH4 is included as it is the primary greenhouse gas (GHG) affected by the Project Activity. Gas Collection & Control accounts for emissions from the energy consumed to collect and process LFG. In this case, CO2 is included as emissions from grid-based electricity used to collect the landfill gas through blowers, while CH4 and N2O are excluded. Supplemental Fuel is used in the combustion of fossil fuels to supplement the destruction or use of LFG. CO2 and CH4 emissions from propane used to light the flare are included, though emissions are assumed to be de minimis, while N2O is excluded. Landfill Gas Combustion is the combustion of LFG in an eligible destruction device, where CO2 and N2O are excluded, but CH4 is included, with emissions resulting from incomplete combustion assumed to be de minimis. Pipeline Injection refers to enhancing LFG to be injected into a natural gas pipeline, but this is not applicable to the Project Activity, so all GHGs (CO2, CH4, and N2O) are excluded. Similarly, CNG/LNG Upgrade involves enhancing LFG to be used in fleet vehicles, trucks, or cars, which is also not applicable to the Project Activity, and all GHGs are excluded.",
  "G21": "The Methodology requires that the Baseline Scenario shall be consistent with the pre-Project Activity prior to the Start Date. The Baseline Scenario is the Landfill and the generation of landfill gas that was not collected, controlled by flare destruction prior to the Start Date of April 1, 2021. Specifically, prior to April 1, 2021, all landfill gas generated and not oxidized through landfill cover was emitted to the atmosphere uncontrolled as fugitive emissions. Therefore, the Baseline Scenario is all landfill gas generated and not oxidized through landfill cover is emitted to the atmosphere uncontrolled as fugitive emissions.",
  "G22": "The project scenario includes the operation of the ACS and the active LFGCS to collect and destroy methane. ",
  "G23": "The Project Activity reduces GHG emissions by collecting, utilizing beneficially and otherwise destroying the landfill gas captured in the existing flare. The GHG emissions reductions are calculated in accordance with Methodology Equations under Section 4 – Quantification of GHG Emission Reductions including: 1. The Baseline emissions are calculated using Methodology Equations under Section 4.1 – Baseline Emissions Equations 1, 11 and 12; 2. Project Emissions are calculated using Methodology Equations under Section 4.2 – Project Emissions Equations 13, 14, and 15; and 3. Emission Reductions are calculated using Methodology Equations under Section 4.4 – Emission Reductions Equation 16.",
  "G24": "GHG reductions of incremental collection and combustion of methane through the Project Activity are not reversible once they occur. Combustion converts methane to carbon dioxide and is emitted through flares to the atmosphere. ",
  "G26": "The baseline is all landfill gas generated and not oxidized through landfill cover is emitted to the atmosphere uncontrolled as fugitive emissions. ",
  "G27": "The Methodology provides a practice-based performance standard through the installation and operation of an ACS, which is not common industry practice. Additionally, the Project involves installation and operation of a landfill gas collection and flare destruction which meets the threepronged additionality test as the Project Activity demonstrates regulatory additionality, is not common practice, and overcomes financial barriers to be implemented. ",
  "G28": "The installation and operation of the ACS is additional to regulatory requirements imposed on the Landfill for the entire Credit Period. Implementation of landfill gas collection and destruction system is additional to regulatory requirements imposed on the Landfill through March 17, 2024, as the Landfill was not required to install and operate a landfill gas collection and destruction system until such date. As documented in the SCS Engineers letter to US EPA Region 7, the Loess Hills Regional Landfill is subject to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA’s) Federal Plan Requirements 40 CFR 62 Subpart OOO (FPR Subpart OOO) which requires the installation and operation of a landfill gas collection and control system within 30-months from September 17, 2021, the date of the SCS Engineers letter to US EPA Region 7. Specifically, FPR Subpart OOO required Iowa Waste Services, LLC to submit an Initial Design Capacity Report and a NMOC report to the US EPA Region 7 by September 20, 2021, to determine the applicability of the Landfill under the regulations. On behalf of Iowa Waste Services, LLC, SCS Engineers submitted this information to EPA on September 17, 2021. The NMOC report conducted using Tier 2 methodology triggered the Landfill being subject to the meeting the requirements of FPR Subpart OOO 30 months after the September 17, 2021, letter submittal. Additionally, under FPR Subpart OOO, the Landfill is subject to the National Emissions Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants (NESHAP) Municipal Solid Waste Landfills (40 CFR 63, Subpart AAAA), requiring the Landfill to install and operate a gas collection and control system in active areas of the Landfill in which solid waste has been in place for 5 or more years. Furthermore, the Project goes beyond applicable state regulations (Iowa Administrative Rules Chapter 567-112: Sanitary Landfills for Municipal Solid Waste) by installing and operating the Project voluntarily prior to the March 17, 2024 regulatory requirement date. Review of the USEPA and Iowa database does not show any notice of violations of regulatory and permit requirements. Neither the state of Iowa’s Department of Natural Resources nor the EPA ECHO Database indicate significant noncompliance issues. For all the above reasons, the deployment of the Project Activity is considered additional or surplus to regulatory requirements and therefore creates emission reductions achieved in excess of regulatory requirements. ",
  "G29": "The common practice test requires the Applicant to demonstrate if there is widespread deployment of this project type, technology, or practice within the relevant geographic area. A result of “No” passes the common practice test. The Loess Hills Sanitary Landfill has been open and operating since 1973 and did not start operating a landfill gas collection and flare destruction system until 48 years later during 2021. The landfill gas collection and destruction system were installed and operated after all that time. Therefore, even within the life of the landfill thus far the Project is not common. The database from the EPA Landfill Methane Outreach Program (LMOP) lists forty-seven (47) landfills located within Iowa, 40 of which are operational. Of the 47 landfills, seven landfills other than Loess Hills Sanitary Landfill have gas collection and flare destruction operating. Of the seven landfills with LFG collection and flares, five of the landfills appear to be large enough to be required by NSPS to have gas collection and control. Therefore, most landfills in Iowa do not have gas collection and control and emit generated landfill gas that is not oxidized through the landfill covers to the atmosphere as fugitive emissions. For all the above reasons, the deployment of the Project Activity is considered to not be common practice with the relevant geographic area, and therefore the Project passes the common practice test. ",
  "G30": "The implementation barrier test required by the Project meets the financial test, which requires the applicant to determine if the GHG Project faces capital constraints that carbon revenues could address; or if carbon funding is reasonably expected to incentivize the Project’s implementation; or if carbon revenues are a key element to maintaining the project action’s ongoing economic viability after its implementation. The result of “Yes” passes the financial implementation barrier test.  The Project passes the financial implementation barrier because carbon funding incentivized the project’s implementation, and carbon revenues are a key element to maintaining the project’s ongoing economic viability. The Project has not generated any revenues required to fund or otherwise offset the initial investment or to maintain and continue improving the system over time.  Prairie Ridge Waste Management Facility identified to Green Controls their capital constraints to fund expansion of the landfill gas collection system, continued operation of the landfill gas collection and flare destruction system, and adding an automated monitoring and control system. Green Controls agreed to fully fund the installation and operation of the automated monitoring and control system as well as provide compensation to Prairie Ridge Waste Management Facility for ongoing operations and system expansion based on creation and sales of carbon credits. Prairie Ridge Waste Management Facility conveyed the carbon credits title and ownership to Green Controls for Green Controls to create the funds from the creation and sale of carbon credits to incentivize the Project’s continued implementation and operations.  The Project to date has cost approximately $3.4 million in capital and $100,000 per year in operating costs. The costs of the Green Controls automated monitoring and control system have not been included in the above Project costs. Green Controls has fully funded the automated monitoring and control system to enhance the performance of the Project by creating reliable, high-quality gas. No revenues have been obtained from the Project to fund or offset the capital and operating costs. The creation and sale of carbon credits from this Project will offset some portion of the capital cost. If the $3.4 million is viewed as a sunk cost without investment recovery, the creation and sale of carbon credits will fund the expansion and operations of the landfill gas collection system and Green Controls automated monitoring and control system. Without the carbon credits, the Green Controls automated monitoring and control system’s capital and operating costs alone would not be economically feasible. Therefore, monetization of carbon credits overcomes the financial constraints necessary to fund the continued Project.  For all the above reasons, the deployment of the Project Activity is considered to overcome the financial implementation barrier, and therefore the Project passes the financial implementation barrier test.",
  "G31": [
    {
      "G5": "LFGcaptured",
      "G6": "SCF",
      "G7": "Landfill gas quantity combusted by the flare. ",
      "G8": "Flow meter/data acquisition device",
      "G9": "Thermal Instrument Company Thermal Mass Flow Probe. Model Number: 62-9/9500PI, Serial Number: 202161. The above instrument is a thermal mass flow meter that is inserted directly into the flow stream to measure the flow rate at standard conditions as determined by factory calibration. The instrument measures velocity of landfill gas in the duct by correlating heat loss of a heated inserted probe to velocity of gas. The flow is calculated using the velocity and cross-sectional area of the duct and is corrected to standard conditions using measured temperature of landfill gas at the insertion probe. ",
      "G10": "+/- 1% instrument readout accuracy per manufacturer specification. ",
      "G11": "Continuous (data point measured every 15 minutes or less). ",
      "G12": "Flow data is recorded in standard cubic feet per minute (scfm) and standard cubic feet (scf) totals over 15 minute, daily and monthly periods in data acquisition system. Flow data is reported at the temperature of 60o and F and 1 atmosphere or pressure and is corrected to standard conditions of temperature (68ºF) and pressure (14.7psi). The 15- minute flow data is aggregated to obtain daily and monthly flow quantity totals",
      "G13": "From the Start Date, factory calibrations are conducted once every year in accordance with manufacturer recommendations. The thermal mass flow meter removed from service shall be returned to factory for calibration in accordance with or more frequently than manufacturer recommendations. The site coordinates for an annual factory calibration and has a replacement installed while obtaining factory calibration. For Thermal Instrument Model Number: 62-9/9500PI, Serial Number: 202161 the factory calibrations include Calibration certifications dated June 23, 2020, December 2, 2021, December 16, 2022. Temporary meter calibrations including Meter Serial # L14028 dated November 15, 2021, Meter Serial # L14105 dated November 22, 2022 ",
      "G14": "Thermal Instrument Flow meter was used to measure landfill gas flow rates April 1, 2021, the Start Date, through September 30, 2023 and continues through the present. "
    },
    {
      "G5": "Methane Content",
      "G6": "Percent by volume",
      "G7": "Methane content in the LFGcaptured. ",
      "G8": "Methane meter/data acquisition device",
      "G9": "Green Controls Model - Centry-H, Serial Number: EM7082. Non-dispersive infrared optical analyzer",
      "G10": "+/- 0.5% (vol) instrument accuracy per manufacturer specification",
      "G11": "Continuous (data point measured every 15 minutes or less)",
      "G12": "Methane content is recorded in percent methane volume basis in Green watcher 2.0 Platform data acquisition system. Data is aggregated from every 15 minute to hourly, daily and monthly periods.",
      "G13": "Field Confirmation. Perform field confirmation of methane analyzer once per month or more frequently. Field confirmation is performed using a calibration gas to confirm accuracy of measurement. Field calibration is automatic using calibration gases. No instrument return to manufacturer for factory calibration is required.",
      "G14": "Green Controls Model - Centry-H, Serial Number: EM7082 continuously measured methane content in the total landfill gas methane content starting June 1, 2023 through September 30, 2023 and continues through the present. "
    },
    {
      "G5": "Methane Content",
      "G6": "Percent by volume",
      "G7": "Methane content in the LFGcaptured. ",
      "G8": "Flow meter/data acquisition device",
      "G9": "QED Landtec Gas Analyzer, Model GEM5000, Serial Number G500324, a handheld instrument that measures methane content manually on a periodic basis. Dual wavelength infrared cell with reference channel.",
      "G10": "+/- 0.5% (vol) instrument accuracy per manufacturer specification",
      "G11": "Periodic (data point measured at least monthly basis from April 2021 to October 2022, then at least weekly basis from November 2022 through May 2023.)",
      "G12": "Methane content is recorded in percent methane volume basis in Microsoft Excel Spreadsheet. Data is aggregated from data point to weekly and monthly periods.",
      "G13": "Field Confirmation. Perform field confirmation of methane analyzer prior to each periodic measurement. Field confirmation is performed using a calibration gas to confirm accuracy of measurement. From the Start Date, factory calibrations are conducted once every year in accordance with manufacturer recommendations. The Landtec GEM5000 is returned to factory for calibration in accordance with or more frequently than manufacturer recommendations. The site coordinates for an annual factory calibration and has a replacement for use while obtaining factory calibration. Landtec Model GEM5000, Serial Number G500324, the factory calibrations include Calibration certifications dated November 5, 2020, January 6, 2022, and January 26, 2023.",
      "G14": "The Landtec GEM5000 was used to measure methane content in the total landfill gas flow from April 1, 2021, the Start Date, through May 31 2023. The use of the methane data in calculations for methane emissions reductions was determined and approved by ACR in the ACR Methodology Deviation Request."
    },
    {
      "G5": "Flare Temperature",
      "G6": "Degrees Fahrenheit",
      "G7": "Monitoring of operational activity of destruction device to ensure destruction of landfill gas. ",
      "G8": "Thermocouple/data acquisition device",
      "G9": "Thermocouple measures flame temperature.",
      "G10": "+/- 0.5% (vol) instrument accuracy per manufacturer specification",
      "G11": "Continuous (data point measured every 15 minutes or less)",
      "G12": "Temperature is recorded in data acquisition system. ",
      "G13": "Thermocouple is inspected annually. ",
      "G14": "The parameter identifies both hours of flare operation and whether the flame is at a temperature that ensures gas destruction. No emission reductions are claimed for thermocouple readings less than 500 degrees F while the flare is operating. Additionally, the flare has an automatic shutoff valve that shuts flow to the flare if the flame temperature is less than 500 degrees F. "
    },
    {
      "G5": "Electricity Consumption",
      "G6": "Megawatt-hours (MWhr)",
      "G7": "Electricity consumed by Project",
      "G8": "Utility data - Mid-American Energy",
      "G9": "Electricity meter",
      "G10": "<0.5%",
      "G11": "Real time",
      "G12": "Electricity is measured by Utility and reported to Iowa Waste Services, LLC",
      "G13": "Utility inspection, periodic calibration, and certification ",
      "G14": "N/A"
    },
    {
      "G5": "Propane",
      "G6": "Gallons",
      "G7": "Propane consumed to light the flare ",
      "G8": "Propane supplier",
      "G9": "Propane supplier meter",
      "G10": "<1%",
      "G11": "Per delivery of propane to Iowa Waste Services LLC",
      "G12": "Temperature is recorded in data acquisition system. ",
      "G13": "By Propane Supplier",
      "G14": "N/A"
    }
  ],
  "G43": "The GHG quantification methodology and calculation for determining the quantity of methane destroyed by the Project is conducted in accordance with the Methodology Section 4.1 Baseline Emissions Equations 1 and 11.",
  "G44": "N/A",
  "G45": "All potential emissions include the use of grid electricity and fossil fuel use.",
  "G46": "None ",
  "G47": "The accuracy and precision of measurement equipment including the flow meter and methane analyzer are defined and the uncertainties associated with measurements from these instruments are low. Continuous (at least every 15-minute) measurements of gas flow rate and methane concentration provide reliable and accurate data to determine the total actual emission reductions in each period. Periodic measurement confirmations and calibrations maintain the accuracy of these continuous instruments. During periods when weekly readings of methane data are relied upon for use in emission reduction calculations, a discount factor of 10% is applied to account for uncertainty and variation in the methane concentration between weekly readings (see Equation 1). ACR approved a deviation for methane concentration where continuous methane concentration was not available for the period of April 1, 2021 through May 31st, 2023, based on results of a statistical analysis and has determined a fixed minimum concentration measurement be used for the period. ",
  "G48": "Reference Appendix A, Data Collection and Management Responsibilities. ",
  "G49": "The GHG quantification methodology and calculation for determining the GHG reductions because of the Project Activity is conducted in accordance with the Methodology Section 4.4, Emissions Reductions. Emissions Reductions as shown below for the Loess Hills Landfill for the first reporting period April 1, 2021, through September 30, 2023, which are also detailed in the first Monitoring Report submitted to ACR contemporaneously. ",
  "G50": "Total of 542883 metric tons of CO2e",
  "G51": "From April 1, 2021 through September 30, 2023, the quantity of GHG emissions reductions are actual based on measured methane quantities and calculations using ACR Methodology. From October 1, 2023 through March 17, 2024, estimates are based upon proportioning actual 2023 data. From March 18th, 2024 through March 31, 2031, are based in assumption of non-regulated methane capture in early action, before regulated gas capture cells. ",
  "G53": "Reference Environmental and Social Impact VC.",
  "G54": "The Project Activity supports several important United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), including:  SDG #7 Affordable and Clean Energy, Target 7.a – The Project creates reliable, high-quality gas that is currently destroyed to reduce fugitive emissions. Maintaining a stable LFG resource encourages development of downstream renewable energy.  SDG #9 Industry, Innovation and Infrastructure, Target 9.4 – The Project has been enhanced by the addition of the Green Controls automated monitoring and control system. Green Controls provides an automated gas control system that is an innovative technology supporting environmental infrastructure for the landfill industry. The automated gas control system improves existing infrastructure by increasing the data frequency of monitoring gas characteristics and adjusting control of vacuum as needed, sometimes hourly, where the regulated monitoring is performed manually only once per month. The system also alerts for irregularities, so that deficiencies are identified and corrected quickly, preventing methane leakage.  SDG #11 Sustainable Cities and Communities, Target 11.6 – Communities generate waste. The Project increases the sustainability of waste disposal by allowing increased resource capture for reuse. The extra gas collected would otherwise be emitted into the air; collecting this gas directly improves air quality for the surrounding community. A higher collection efficiency obtained through the Project Activity would reduce landfill gas emissions that would otherwise be released through fugitive release from the landfill surface into the surrounding environment. Increased collection of landfill gas reduces greenhouse gas emissions and emissions of other minor constituents, including hazardous air pollutants, and reduces the potential for odor migration.  SDG #12 Sustainable Consumption and Production, Target 12.4 & 12.6 – The Project implements sustainable consumption and production patterns where feasible. The Project uses equipment powered by solar rechargeable lithium batteries. These batteries are sustainably disposed of at the end of their usable life. The Project also uses calibration gas to calibrate measurement equipment. These calibration gas canisters are returned to the supplier to be reused once depleted.  SDG #13 Climate Action, Target 13.2 – The Project Activity supports sustainable development in the United States by collecting additional LFG to be used in a renewable energy project. As industry members and partners, Green Controls and Prairie Ridge Waste Management Facility support the United States Environmental Protection Agency Landfill Methane Outreach Program (LMOP), which is a voluntary program that works cooperatively with industry stakeholders and waste officials to reduce or avoid methane emissions from landfills. LMOP encourages the recovery and beneficial use of biogas generated from organic municipal solid waste. The Landfill and project components are listed on LMOP, and the participants report the performance of the Project annually. The Project helps LMOP achieve its stated goals to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, reduce air pollution by offsetting the use of non-renewable resources, create health and safety benefits, and benefit the community and economy.  SDG #3 Health and Wellbeing, Target 3.9 – The Project Activity supports improved air quality by reducing harmful air emissions from the Landfill, which include trace volatile non-methane organic compounds that can have negative health implications.  SDG #8 Economic Growth, Target 8.4 – The Project is operated by full-time employees of the company, which practices inclusive hiring practices, with annual diversity goals.",
  "G55": "The Project is not community-based, and no public comments were received.  Green Controls has consulted with Prairie Ridge Waste Management Facility and ESI, both of which are supportive of the collection of LFG from the Loess Hills Landfill, the reduction in GHG gases and other constituents, and the future production of renewable natural gas. Green Controls will provide periodic performance updates to the stakeholders. Additionally, Green Controls supports Prairie Ridge Waste Management Facility and ESI in communications to stakeholders outside of the Project area, as needed.  The Project substantially reduces landfill gas emissions to the atmosphere, thereby reducing potential impacts that may be felt in the vicinity of the landfill.",
  "G57": "Prairie Ridge Waste Management Facility owns the Loess Hills Landfill and the landfill gas collection and flare destruction system. Prairie Ridge Waste Management Facility retained the title and ownership of gas rights for the methane gas produced by the landfill. Prairie Ridge Waste Management Facility then deeded those rights to Green Controls in the Voluntary Carbon Credit Compensation Agreement dated March 7, 2023, the Mutual Benefit Agreement dated March 7, 2023, and an amendment to the start date of the rights deeded, signed October 2, 2023.",
  "G58": "Offsets for this crediting period have not been bought or sold previously. If Green Controls enters into a forward contract for this Project Activity, documentation to establish chain of custody will be created. Examples of appropriate documents may include:  Delivery of Confirmation Notice; Emission Reduction Purchase Agreement; Signed Attestation of Ownership; and/or",
  "G59": "Green Controls and any other party have not applied for GHG emission reduction or removal credits for this project through any other GHG emissions trading system or program.",
  "G61": "2021-04-01",
  "G62": "The timeline for the Project Activity includes:  Initiation of project activities: April 1, 2021 Project term: Not applicable Crediting period: 10 Years Frequency of monitoring, reporting, and verification: Quarterly, Semi-annual, or annually Relevant project activities in each step of the GHG project cycle include: Expansion of the Loess Hills Landfill and its associated gas collection and destruction system. Expansion of the Green Controls automated collection system as the Landfill expands its gas collection system to new areas of waste.",
  "projectId": "923"
}
Object.values(__request).forEach(r=>r.preset(_pp));