var _pp = {
  "G5": "923",
  "G6": "Prairie Ridge Waste Management Facility",
  "G7": "Eco-Farm Innovations, LLC",
  "G8": " Here is the revised paragraph with the previous names:  The purpose of this validation and verification (v/v) is to provide a third-party evaluation of the Prairie Ridge Waste Management Facility GHG Project Plan against the ACR Methodology titled \"Methodology for the Quantification, Monitoring, Reporting, and Validation of Greenhouse Gas Emissions Reductions and Removal from Landfill Gas Destruction and Beneficial Use Projects\" (Methodology) Version 2.0, April 2021, along with the Errata & Clarifications to the Methodology dated February 20, 2024. The v/v team assessed the eligibility and likelihood that the project will result in developing GHG credits. The objectives include ensuring the project conforms to the following:  Conformance with the ACR Standard GHG emissions reduction project planning information and documentation in accordance with the applicable ACR-approved methodology, including project description, baseline, eligibility criteria, monitoring and reporting procedures, and quality assurance/quality control procedures. Reported GHG baseline, ex ante estimated project emissions and emission reduction/removal enhancements, leakage assessment, and impermanence risk assessment and mitigation. Provide a third-party evaluation of the greenhouse gas offset credits that were asserted by the Project Proponent and Facility Owner for a landfill gas collection and destruction project located near Malvern, IA. The reporting period for this verification is 4/1/2021-9/30/2023. The Prairie Ridge Waste Management Facility is a gas collection and destruction facility. The gas collection system captures methane and destroys it in an open flare.",
  "G9": "N/A",
  "G11": "N/A",
  "G12": "Methane (CH4) and Carbon Dioxide (CO2) are the only greenhouse gases considered.",
  "G13": [
    {
      "G5": "2021-04-01",
      "G6": "2023-09-30"
    }
  ],
  "G16": "The data frequency of measurement and recording for the Prairie Ridge Waste Management Facility includes various parameters related to landfill gas monitoring. The landfill gas flow to the flare is measured continuously using a thermal mass flow probe (Model Number: 62-9/9500PI) with a company thermal instrument, and the data is recorded using a datalogger. Methane content analysis is conducted periodically, with data points measured at least on a monthly basis from April 2021 to October 2022, and then at least on a weekly basis from November 2022 through May 2023, following a deviation approved on 10/19/2023. This analysis is performed with the Landtec Handheld Gas Analyzer (GEM5000) and recorded in a CSV file. Methane content analysis has been continuous since June 2023 using the Green Controls Model-Centry with a datalogger. Destruction device operating hours are recorded continuously with a thermocouple and a datalogger. Before and after results of field checks are recorded annually at the end of the reporting period with automatic calibrations and handwritten notes.",
  "G18": "The verification is based on the ACR Landfill Gas Destruction and Beneficial Use Projects (v2.0) and Errata and Clarifications, as well as ISO 14066, ISO 14065, 14064-3:2019, IAF MD6 and ANAB requirements, policies, and procedures. The criteria also include the ACR Validation and Verification Standard (v1.1) and ACR Standard (v8.0). AWT will provide an opinion on whether the GHG offset project meets eligibility requirements and will likely result in the asserted GHG offsets. This is a reasonable assurance engagement meaning that AWT will provide a reasonable, but not absolute, level of assurance that the GHG offset assertion is materially correct. The materiality threshold is set at 5%. This is in agreement with the guidelines established by the American Carbon Registry.",
  "G19": "EFI follows a standardized approach to performing the required tasks during an offset validation.",
  "G20": "Validation ISO 14064-3:2019 EFI will provide an opinion on whether the GHG offset project meets eligibility requirements and will likely result in the asserted GHG offsets. ",
  "G21": "Based on the full context within which the information is presented, Ecofarm Innovations will assess any errors, omissions and/or misrepresentations and make requests to Green Controls, Inc. for additional information, clarifications or corrective actions. Any discrepancy resulting in a material error will result in a corrective action request. The required materiality shall be established based on the requirements of the GHG program or, in the absence of GHG program requirements, best professional judgment considering objectives, level of assurance (if applicable), criteria and scope. Based on the American Carbon Registry’s methodology to determine the materiality threshold, the following will apply:  The materiality threshold is 5%.",
  "G23": "Ecofarm Innovations follows a consistent methodology for all American Carbon Registry’s Landfill Gas validation/verifications.  Participant selects validator/verifier. V/V director performs pre-engagement review and assigns team leader based on sector and documents these activities in the internal project description document. The contract can be drafted at this point but cannot be fully executed until the COI evaluation has been approved by ACR. Team leader sends contract to client for signature. Team leader forms validation/verification team and negotiates/executes subcontractor contracts (if applicable). Team Leader and COI Auditor prepare Internal Conflict of Interest and Impartiality documents and obtain signatures from all team members. The Team Leader prepares or supervises the preparation of the ACR specific COI form and submits to the COI Auditor for completion. COI Auditor determines if there are issues with COI and completes ACR specific COI form. Team leader reviews the ACR specific COI form, signs the form and submits it to ACR. Upon receipt of approval of the COI evaluation from ACR, the team leader executes the contract. It should be noted that steps 4-8 are all occurring somewhat simultaneously. Team leader reviews or supervises the review of preliminary documentation and any results of previous assessments (if applicable) from the project proponent and discusses goals and constraints.",
  "G24": "Submitted separately and approved",
  "G25": "The following individuals participated in the site audit: John Smith Ecofarm Innovations Emma Johnson Ecofarm Innovations Michael Davis Green Controls Sophia Brown Green Controls",
  "G26": "Strategic Analysis Completed",
  "G27": "Kickoff Meeting 11/14/2023",
  "G28": "Ecofarm Innovations incorporated the following strategy in the implementation of this Evidence Gathering Plan:  Landfill gas flow to destruction devices – 100% of the data was checked in terms of the aggregation of the flow to the destruction devices. Landfill gas methane concentration – 100% of the data was checked in terms of the aggregation of the methane quality to the destruction devices. Emission reduction calculations – This calculation was independently calculated by the verification team to ensure the calculations are correct. Review of QA/QC information – 100% of the calibrations and field checks were reviewed along with OEM equipment manuals. Review of compliance, permitting, and ownership of credits – 100% of this documentation was reviewed. Default values – 100% of any default values were compared against the methodology. Review of data checking mechanisms – The operating effectiveness of the controls and project proponent’s data checking processes were reviewed. Review of Data Checking Mechanisms – The operating effectiveness of the controls and project developer’s data checking process were reviewed, to ensure low risk of control errors. Crosscheck of Data Aggregation for Data Substitution – The data aggregations and emission reduction calculations were crosschecked against the raw data files to identify any instances of data substitution. These instances are included in the verification report, if applicable.",
  "G29": "Ecofarm Innovations incorporated the following strategy in the implementation of this Evidence Gathering Plan:  Landfill gas flow to destruction devices – 100% of the data was checked in terms of the aggregation of the flow to the destruction devices. Landfill gas methane concentration – 100% of the data was checked in terms of the aggregation of the methane quality to the destruction devices. Emission reduction calculations – This calculation was independently calculated by the verification team to ensure the calculations are correct. Review of QA/QC information – 100% of the calibrations and field checks were reviewed along with OEM equipment manuals. Review of compliance, permitting, and ownership of credits – 100% of this documentation was reviewed. Default values – 100% of any default values were compared against the methodology. Review of data checking mechanisms – The operating effectiveness of the controls and project proponent’s data checking processes were reviewed. Review of Data Checking Mechanisms – The operating effectiveness of the controls and project developer’s data checking process were reviewed, to ensure low risk of control errors. Crosscheck of Data Aggregation for Data Substitution – The data aggregations and emission reduction calculations were crosschecked against the raw data files to identify any instances of data substitution. These instances are included in the verification report, if applicable.",
  "G30": "Validation/Verification Site Visit Date 11/16/2023",
  "G31": "N/A",
  "G32": "N/A",
  "G33": "Independent Reviewer by Jake Ross",
  "G34": "N/A",
  "G36": "N/A",
  "G37": "N/A",
  "G38": "N/A",
  "G39": "N/A",
  "G40": "N/A",
  "G41": "N/A",
  "G42": "N/A",
  "G43": "N/A",
  "G44": "N/A",
  "G45": "N/A",
  "G46": "N/A",
  "G47": [],
  "G55": "N/A",
  "G56": [],
  "G65": "N/A",
  "G66": [],
  "G69": "N/A",
  "G70": [
    {
      "G5": "N/A",
      "G6": "N/A",
      "G7": "N/A"
    }
  ],
  "G74": "N/A",
  "G75": "N/A",
  "G76": {}
}
Object.values(__request).forEach(r=>r.preset(_pp));